Fix/minor livestock bugs (#34)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/livestock/movements/consignment.md

| **Unloading DateTime** | A particular point in the progression of time. Shall be UTC format with Z, specified in RFC3339. | DateTimeOffset  |
| **Expected Duration** | Expected duration of transportation in hours. | Number |
| **Transport Operator** | Transport operator official name (should really be schema.org/organization).| String |
| **Vehicle** | Identification of the vehicle (for example, licence plate). | String |
| **Transport Reference** | Shipping or transporter reference.| String |
| **Isolation Facility Used** | True if an isolation facility was used for the movement. | Boolean |
| **Farm Assurance Reference** | A unique identification for the resource issued under the auspices of the scheme. | [Identifier](/resource-types/common#identifier) |

---

### Address

A address for a location

```json
{
  "addressCountry": "string",
  "addressLocality": "string",
  "addressRegion": "string",
  "postOfficeBoxNumber": "string",
  "postalCode": "string",
  "streetAddress": "string"
}
```

| Response Item | Description | Data Type |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |

> | **Address Country** | The country. For example, USA. You can also provide the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. | String |
> | **Address Locality** | The locality in which the street address is, and which is in the region. For example, Mountain View. | String |
> | **Address Region** | The region in which the locality is, and which is in the country. For example, California or another appropriate first-level Administrative division | String |
> | **Post Office Box Number** | The post office box number for PO box addresses. | String |
> | **Postal Code** | The postal code. For example, 94043. | String |
> | **Street Address** | The street address. For example, 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy. | String |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Address Country** | The country. For example, "NZ". You can also provide the two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. | String |
| **Address Locality** | The locality in which the street address is, and which is in the region. For example, "Hamilton". | String |
| **Address Region** | The region in which the locality is, and which is in the country. For example, "Waikato" or another appropriate first-level Administrative division | String |
| **Post Office Box Number** | The post office box number for PO box addresses. | String |
| **Postal Code** | The postal code. For example, "3216". | String |
| **Street Address** | The street address. For example, "3 Melody Lane". | String |
```

Just thinking we could have a NZ address for an NZ company 🤷‍♂️
